chore(blog): Add product updates 2 (#5791)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/blog/product-updates-2.md

---
title: "CloudQuery Product Updates #2"
tag: product
date: 2022/12/19
description: >-
  Monthly updates on CloudQuery product and roadmap.
author: yevgenypats
---

import { BlogHeader } from "../../components/BlogHeader"

<BlogHeader/>

Hey everyone! Our monthly round-up of CloudQuery product and roadmap updates is here! This month was packed and we wish everyone happy holidays and happy new year!

## Destinations

### New Destinations

We've added two new destinations to CQ supporting two of the most popular data warehouses!

* [Snowflake](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/announcing-cloudquery-snowflake-destination)
* [BigQuery](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/announcing-cloudquery-bigquery-destination)

## Sources

### New Sources

We've added 3 new source plugins to CQ to cover the long tail of infrastructure apps!

* [Gandi](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/introducing-the-gandi-source-plugin)
* [Tailscale](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/introducing-the-tailscale-source-plugin)
* [Vercel](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/announcing-the-vercel-source-plugin)

### AWS

> * Add more new resources and bugfixes such as [Config Rules](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/issues/4730), [Step Functions](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/pull/4832), [IAM SSH Public Keys](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/pull/5538)

Reviewer: Maybe we could link directly to the table docs?

See [full changelog](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/aws/CHANGELOG.md).

### Azure

Starting Azure `v2.0.0` we've migrated to new Azure API and auto-generated 90% our azure plugin now supporting 100 new tables with total of >200! See full list [here](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources/azure/tables).

### GCP

> * [APIKeys](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/pull/5031)

Reviewer: Same here, maybe link directly to the table markdown instead of the PR.

* [ContainerAnalysis](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/pull/5115)

See full [changelog](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/azure/CHANGELOG.md)

## Other notable blogs and use-cases

### Engineering

> - [Building CQ: High Performance Data Integration Framework in Go](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/building-cloudquery) got on HN front page! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Building CQ: High Performance Data Integration Framework in Go](https://www.cloudquery.io/blog/building-cloudquery) got on [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) front page! 
```
